Chandra Levy we have these filters so let's see for example how you can make a change in the names of
these filters.
For example this one sort by newness So let's see how you can make a change to a more descriptive name
and we're going to here a comment that's on MySpace on the bottom so you can see these in the center
of the screen.
Anybody going out to change field their name and we're going to want you on the Internet by.
This is the prefix for all the fortunes of this team.
And then we're going to have new brokes viral
and we're going to add a filter at it right here.
And these are running on the hook global commerce underscore catalog.
All of that by
and then where the commanding lead is the name of this function.
So we have another Acoma in what are going around these hot Brierty or for the priority B are these
when will work in this case and when I run these later.
So we can we can override that main.
So in this case we're going to pass the order by and of course remember that you can pass whatever you
want to right here.
But this takes one parameter so you can use a called 3 equil Bre embattled dump these body or by and
I show you something.
They say these and reload
and now you can see that the badges from the Commerce catalog are there by our bodies.
So we have an array with six positions and they are the key in the Baddoo the menu ordinances is the
default sort in you can see right here.
Well it should be right here.
And then they sold by popularity.
And we have here in there and the date sort by newness here you can see I'm passing order by in passing
on another's bad for example you can add some to make sure that me and pass them here and reload and
this will work because we're passing we need to pass something when commerce executes these they pass
a variable right here.
And this is the way that BHB you can for example buy the same arguments and bring where the bodies are
in that function that WordPress commerce Commerce's using that more BHB related stuff than WordPress.
Most of the frameworks and solutions you simply will have something like these.
So what's going on is normally you will have very walls with a more descriptive name so why not remove
these.
Now you can see that we had the date so we have an app or that by date.
The way that you access this value you can see an array.
So we have data right here and we're going to add new brokes fears.
So it's a more descriptive name no problems fears than sort of by newness and then we're going to retune
we override the body and then we're not doing that.
Order By now you can save these and result and you can see the difference something and we have new
products we use.
So you can click here and you can see the new brokes are going to show and feed us I'm going to I'm
going to come in this line so I'm going to say like everything you do on your own maybe I'm going to
comment.
So reload these
up and show up.
Now you can see is working bad you can see that we change these filters using these function.